feat: Mention that adding people sends emails DOCS-498 (#1570)
codacy/docs: docs/organizations/managing-people.md

To become a member of an organization on Codacy you must [sign up to Codacy](../getting-started/codacy-quickstart.md) using your Git provider and follow the instructions to either join an existing organization or add a new one.

> To join or add an organization after completing the signup process, click **Organizations** on the top right-hand menu under your avatar:

Reviewer: I would never have thought that we would hit this Vale error so fast [after having removed the word `signup` from the accept list](https://github.com/codacy/pulse-user-docs/pull/167#discussion_r1062613135)! :laughing:

Author: 😄 

```suggestion
To join or add an organization after completing the sign-up process, click **Organizations** on the top right-hand menu under your avatar:
```

    ![Adding members to your organization](images/organization-people-add-modal.png)

> 1.  Confirm the updated billing details displayed at the bottom of the window and click the button **Add people**. Codacy emails an invitation to newly added members.

Author: Plain and a bit dull, but that's all we need to tell them, really.

Here's my conclusion after some investigation: https://codacy.atlassian.net/browse/DOCS-498?focusedCommentId=53390

Reviewer: Maybe we can reference that the invitation email includes a link to allow the recipients to log in to Codacy:

> Codacy emails the newly added members inviting them to log in [to Codacy].

Author: Sounds good. I'd avoid the second "Codacy" at the end; it should be clear enough as-is.

```suggestion
1.  Confirm the updated billing details displayed at the bottom of the window and click the button **Add people**. Codacy emails the newly added members inviting them to log in.
```
